There's just something nice about meeting up face to face... for anything. There's also something nice about being able to justify a night on the town at SubZero's (or ColdStone's, if you swing that way) because you saved some money that you were planning on spending on books... and you deserve the reward. Yeah!

There's a lot of possibility here. Your Bishop cares about you; prays for you. It may just be that that special someone he's hoping that you'll find is the same someone that we're hoping you trade books with. They say it happens 1 out of every 15,737 times. It didn't happen to me, which means it's more likely to happen to you (I might have been #15,736, y'know?).

In the worst case that, well, maybe you can't find a trade, at least you'll find the best possible price online (we search 30+ stores including Amazon and we show the price with shipping included, so no surprises).

Anyway, I hope that you enjoy using Blyph not just because you're saving money, but because you have a moment to meet someone new, share some pointers about the class you just took (or ask about the one you're about to take), and brighten someones day with a smile.

I also hope that you enjoy using Blyph because we found this awesome asteroids game to put on our site:



!!!PLAY ASTEROIDS!!!
http://blyph.com#asteroids
(spacebar to fire, arrows to move)



Tip: The more books you have on the screen, the more things you can explodinate.

Tip #2: You're friends will think that you're cooler if you're the first friend to tell them about explodinating books on blyph... at least cooler than the second person.


;^P


AJ ONeal
http://fb.com/blyph

**P.S.** If you actually purchase a book from one of those stores Brian gets between $1 and $5. If enough people purchase from one of those stores, Brian might even give me an allowance to pay for the server 'n stuff. So really, all that mushy gooey baloney about making friends and sharing and helping... is true... but I do hope that occasionally you buy a book through our retailers because then I can... be RICH!!!




To unsubscribe send a message with your feedback to unsubscribe@blyph.com.
